Adding pedcbio template (#75)
PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPBTA-analysis: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bixu-support-pedcbio.md

---
name: Bix Dev PedcbioPortal Support Ticket 
about: Use this template to describe your issues related to pedcbio portal updates for your project
title: 'Bix Dev PedcbioPortal Support:'
labels: bix-dev, pedcbioportal support
assignees: migbro, bix-dev

---

<!--Hi there! Please take a moment to fill out the template below.-->
# 🆘

> #### [Required] Before completing the questionnaire below, please describe your issue in a couple of sentences

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Please describe your issue in a couple of sentences and provide a link to the relevant pedcbio project of interest, if it already exists
```

#### [Required] How would you most generally describe your issue? 

> - [ ] Upddate data for project in pedcbio portal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Update data for project in pedcbio portal
```

- [ ] Questions related to data on pedcbio portal 

> #### [Required] Please provide any links, files, or descriptions we might find helpful

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### If an update to a project, provide links to the input files that should be used and descriptions we might find helpful. If new `case_set_ids` need to be added, please provide instructions below.
```

<!--
Should ideally correspond to a data release folder in s3
-->

> #### [Required] Provide the manifest that will be used to select samples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Provide the manifest (or a link to a manifest) that will be used to select samples
```
